.TH "ESAPIStringOperation" 3 "Sat Jul 9 2011" "Version v0.0.1 (Alpha)" "ESAPI" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ESAPIStringOperation \- 
.PP
Sends the results and sets the required flags.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <ESAPICAuxiliaryFunctions.h>\fP
.SS "Data Fields"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBoperationSuccessful\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIIndicates if the given operation was successful. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBreturnString\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe string to be returned after a successful operation. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBerrorDescription\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe error description should the operation fail. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Sends the results and sets the required flags. 
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file ESAPICAuxiliaryFunctions.h.
.SH "Field Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "char * \fBerrorDescription\fP"
.PP
The error description should the operation fail. 
.PP
Definition at line 23 of file ESAPICAuxiliaryFunctions.h.
.PP
Referenced by ESAPICBase64EncoderDecode(), ESAPICBase64EncoderEncode(), ESAPICCanonicalizationAllAvailableEncodings(), ESAPICCanonicalizationForSpecificEncodingType(), ESAPICDecode(), ESAPICEncode(), ESAPICUrlEncoderDecode(), ESAPICUrlEncoderEncode(), and main().
.SS "bool \fBoperationSuccessful\fP"
.PP
Indicates if the given operation was successful. 
.PP
Definition at line 21 of file ESAPICAuxiliaryFunctions.h.
.PP
Referenced by ESAPICBase64EncoderDecode(), ESAPICBase64EncoderEncode(), ESAPICCanonicalizationAllAvailableEncodings(), ESAPICCanonicalizationForSpecificEncodingType(), ESAPICDecode(), ESAPICEncode(), ESAPICUrlEncoderDecode(), ESAPICUrlEncoderEncode(), and main().
.SS "char * \fBreturnString\fP"
.PP
The string to be returned after a successful operation. 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file ESAPICAuxiliaryFunctions.h.
.PP
Referenced by ESAPICBase64EncoderDecode(), ESAPICBase64EncoderEncode(), ESAPICCanonicalizationAllAvailableEncodings(), ESAPICCanonicalizationForSpecificEncodingType(), ESAPICUrlEncoderDecode(), ESAPICUrlEncoderEncode(), and main().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ESAPI from the source code.
