.TH "/Users/deepaksubramanian/Documents/Folder of Documents/XCode/ESAPI_COMPLETE/branches/ESAPI Branch Cuckoo/Pure C functions/ESAPIEncoder/ESAPICUrlEncoder.h" 3 "Sat Jul 9 2011" "Version v0.0.1 (Alpha)" "ESAPI" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
/Users/deepaksubramanian/Documents/Folder of Documents/XCode/ESAPI_COMPLETE/branches/ESAPI Branch Cuckoo/Pure C functions/ESAPIEncoder/ESAPICUrlEncoder.h \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include 'ESAPICAuxiliaryFunctions.h'\fP
.br

.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBESAPIStringOperation\fP * \fBESAPICUrlEncoderEncode\fP (char *inputString)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a url-encoded version of the given input string. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBESAPIStringOperation\fP * \fBESAPICUrlEncoderDecode\fP (char *inputString)"
.br
.RI "\fIReturns a url-decoded version of the given string. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBESAPIStringOperation\fP* ESAPICUrlEncoderDecode (char *inputString)"
.PP
Returns a url-decoded version of the given string. This code has been downloaded from http://www.geekhideout.com/urlcode.shtml on April 16, 2011
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinputString\fP - This is the input string which needs to be decoded 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The decoded string IMPORTANT: be sure to free() the returned string after use 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 78 of file ESAPICUrlEncoder.c.
.PP
References ESAPIStringOperation::errorDescription, from_hex(), ESAPIStringOperation::operationSuccessful, and ESAPIStringOperation::returnString.
.SS "\fBESAPIStringOperation\fP* ESAPICUrlEncoderEncode (char *inputString)"
.PP
Returns a url-encoded version of the given input string. IMPORTANT: be sure to free() the returned string after use This code has been downloaded from http://www.geekhideout.com/urlcode.shtml on April 16, 2011
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinputString\fP - This is the input string which needs to be decoded 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The decoded string IMPORTANT: be sure to free() the returned string after use
.RE
.PP
Returns a url-encoded version of the given input string.
.PP
Created by DEEPAK SUBRAMANIAN on 4/18/11. Copyright 2011 OWASP Foundation. All rights reserved. This code has been downloaded from http://www.geekhideout.com/urlcode.shtml on April 16, 2011 Returns a url-encoded version of the given input string
.PP
IMPORTANT: be sure to free() the returned string after use This code has been downloaded from http://www.geekhideout.com/urlcode.shtml on April 16, 2011
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinputString\fP - This is the input string which needs to be decoded 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The decoded string IMPORTANT: be sure to free() the returned string after use 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file ESAPICUrlEncoder.c.
.PP
References ESAPIStringOperation::errorDescription, ESAPIStringOperation::operationSuccessful, ESAPIStringOperation::returnString, and to_hex().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for ESAPI from the source code.
